README.md, before:

mf-chsdi3
=========

next generation of api3.geo.admin.ch

Jenkins Build Status: [![Jenkins Build Status](https://jenkins.ci.bgdi.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=chsdi3)](https://jenkins.dev.bgdi.ch/job/chsdi3/)

# Getting started

Checkout the source code:

    git clone https://github.com/geoadmin/mf-chsdi3.git

or when you're using ssh key (see https://help.github.com/articles/generating-ssh-keys):

    git clone git@github.com:geoadmin/mf-chsdi3.git

Add .pgpass to your environment

    cd
    touch .pgpass
    chmod 600 .pgpass

Open .pgpass and Add

    pgcluster.dev.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}
    pgcluster.int.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}
    pgcluster.prod.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}

Make sure PGUSER and PGPASS is set in your .bashrc (for nosetests, potranslate and sphinx)

    export PGUSER=${username} // postgres user (won't be relevant soon)
    export PGPASS=${pass}

Add .boto to your environment

    cd
    touch .boto
    chmod 600 .boto

Open .boto and Add (`/etc/boto.cfg` for main)

    [Credentials]
    aws_access_key_id = {keyid}
    aws_secret_access_key = {accesskey}

[Nagios Check](https://dashboard.prod.bgdi.ch/cgi-bin/nagios3/extinfo.cgi?type=2&host=ip-10-220-4-46.eu-west-1.compute.internal&service=DynamoDB+backup)

Bootstrap your build environment:

    python bootstrap.py --version 1.5.2 --distribute --download-base http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/ --setup-source http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/distribute_setup.py

Create a developer specific build configuration:

    cp buildout_ltgal.cfg buildout_<username>.cfg

Change the port number in the newly created buildout configuration file (In dev mode)

Where "username" is your specific buildout configuration. Don't forget to add this to git. To create the specific build:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_<username>.cfg

If you do this on mf1t, you need to make sure that a correct configuration exists under
    
    /var/www/vhosts/mf-chsdi3/conf

that points to your working directory. If all is well, you can reach your pages at:

    http://mf-chsdi3.dev.bgdi.ch/<username>/

# Deploying to dev, int, prod and demo

Do the following commands **inside your working directory**. Here's how a standard
deploy process is done.

`./deploydev.sh -s`

Alternatively use the following command to create a snapshot from a branch (Only for emergency deploy)

`./deploydev.sh -s somebranchname`

This updates the source in /var/www...to the latest master branch from github,
creates a snapshot and runs nosetests against the test db. The snapshot directory
will be shown when the script is done. *Note*: you can omit the `-s` parameter if
you don't want to create a snapshot e.g. for intermediate releases on dev main.

Once a snapshot has been created, you are able to deploy this snapshot to a
desired target. For integration, do

`./deploysnapshot.sh 201407031411 int`

This will run the full nose tests **from inside the 201407031411 snapshot directory** against the integration db cluster. Only if these tests are successfull, the snapshot is deployed to the integration cluster.

`./deploysnapshot.sh 201407031411 prod`

This will do the corresponding thing for prod
The same is valid for demo too:
`.\deploysnapshot 201407031411 demo

*Note*: older snapshots don't contain the nose_run.sh scripts. To use the above
commands, you have to manually copy the nose_run.sh script into the snapshot code
directory.

# Deploying a branch

Call the `./deploybranch.sh` script **in your working directory** to deploy your current
branch to test (Use `./deploybranch.sh int` to also deploy it to integration).
The code for deployment, however, does not come from your working directory,
but does get cloned (first time) or pulled (if done once) **directly from github**.
So you'll likely use this command **after** you push your branch to github.

The first time you use the command will take some time to execute.

The code of the deployed branch is in a specific directory 
`/var/www/vhosts/mf-geoadmin3/private/branch` on both test and integration.
The command adds a branch specific configuration to
`/var/www/vhosts/mf-geoadmin3/conf`. This way, the deployed branch
behaves exactly the same as any user specific deploy.
A deploy to a "demo" instance is possible too (simply use ./deploybranch.sh demo).

Sample path:
http://mf-chsdi3.int.bgdi.ch/gjn_deploybranch/ (Don't forget the slash at the end)

## Get correct back-link to geoadmin3
Per default the back-link to geoadmin3 points to the main instance. If you
want to change that, adapt the `geoadminhost` variable in the
`buildout_branch.cfg.in` input file and commit it in *your branch*.

## Run nosetests manual on different enviroments
We are able to run our integration tests against different staging environments

**For this to work, you need to adapt your personal ~/.pgpass file. It has to
include access information for all clusters (add pgcluster0i and pgcluster0)**

To run against prod environment:
`./nose_run.sh -p`

To run against int environment:
`./nose_run.sh -i`

To run against dev/test environment:
`./nose_run.sh`

To run against your private environment:
`./buildout/bin/nosetests`

To execute all tests, including _mapproxy_ and _varnish_ ones, which are deactivated by default:
`.//nose_run.sh -a`

## Updating Mapproxy WMTS service
Mapproxy provides the same layers as the native WMTS for all available timestamps. When new layers and/or timestamps are added,
we have to regenerate MapProxy config file `mapproxy/mapproxy.yaml` with the following command:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_dev.cfg install mapproxy-config

Then, commit `mapproxy/mapproxy.yaml`.

# Clean project
In order to reinitialize your project and remove unused eggs do the following commands:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_cleaner.cfg
    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_<username>.cfg

`buildout_cleaner.cfg` will move all the unused eggs into `buildout/old-eggs/`, remove all the `*.mo` translation files, uninstall all the templates and remove all the `*.pyc` files.

If buildout failed previously, you might need to bootstrap the project again, use the following command after the buildout cleaner:

    python bootstrap.py --version 1.5.2 --distribute --download-base http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/ --setup-source http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/distribute_setup.py

# Python Code Styling

We are currently using the PEP 8 convention for Python code.
You can find more information about our code styling here:

    http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
    http://pep8.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html

You can find additional information about autopep8 here:

    https://pypi.python.org/pypi/autopep8/

*Add a pre-commit hook*

1. Create a pre-commit file

  ```bash
touch .git/hooks/pre-commit
  ```

2. Copy/paste the following script

  ```bash
#!/bin/bash

./buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_dev.cfg install validate-py
if [[ $? != 0 ]];
then
  echo "$(tput setaf 1) Nothing has been commited because of styling issues, please fix it according to the comments above $(tput sgr0)"
  exit 1
fi
  ```

3. Make this it executable

  ```bash
chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-commit
  ```

Now commits will be aborted if styling is not respected

Commit message:

Add notests parameter to deploysnapshot script
Former-commit-id: f7ab0ea60f3be539da6f1dbc4bcbbaeb51fb18eb

README.md, after:

mf-chsdi3
=========

next generation of api3.geo.admin.ch

Jenkins Build Status: [![Jenkins Build Status](https://jenkins.ci.bgdi.ch/buildStatus/icon?job=chsdi3)](https://jenkins.dev.bgdi.ch/job/chsdi3/)

# Getting started

Checkout the source code:

    git clone https://github.com/geoadmin/mf-chsdi3.git

or when you're using ssh key (see https://help.github.com/articles/generating-ssh-keys):

    git clone git@github.com:geoadmin/mf-chsdi3.git

Add .pgpass to your environment

    cd
    touch .pgpass
    chmod 600 .pgpass

Open .pgpass and Add

    pgcluster.dev.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}
    pgcluster.int.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}
    pgcluster.prod.bgdi.ch:5432:*:${username}:${pass}

Make sure PGUSER and PGPASS is set in your .bashrc (for nosetests, potranslate and sphinx)

    export PGUSER=${username} // postgres user (won't be relevant soon)
    export PGPASS=${pass}

Add .boto to your environment

    cd
    touch .boto
    chmod 600 .boto

Open .boto and Add (`/etc/boto.cfg` for main)

    [Credentials]
    aws_access_key_id = {keyid}
    aws_secret_access_key = {accesskey}

[Nagios Check](https://dashboard.prod.bgdi.ch/cgi-bin/nagios3/extinfo.cgi?type=2&host=ip-10-220-4-46.eu-west-1.compute.internal&service=DynamoDB+backup)

Bootstrap your build environment:

    python bootstrap.py --version 1.5.2 --distribute --download-base http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/ --setup-source http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/distribute_setup.py

Create a developer specific build configuration:

    cp buildout_ltgal.cfg buildout_<username>.cfg

Change the port number in the newly created buildout configuration file (In dev mode)

Where "username" is your specific buildout configuration. Don't forget to add this to git. To create the specific build:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_<username>.cfg

If you do this on mf1t, you need to make sure that a correct configuration exists under
    
    /var/www/vhosts/mf-chsdi3/conf

that points to your working directory. If all is well, you can reach your pages at:

    http://mf-chsdi3.dev.bgdi.ch/<username>/

# Deploying to dev, int, prod and demo

Do the following commands **inside your working directory**. Here's how a standard
deploy process is done.

`./deploydev.sh -s`

Alternatively use the following command to create a snapshot from a branch (Only for emergency deploy)

`./deploydev.sh -s somebranchname`

This updates the source in /var/www...to the latest master branch from github,
creates a snapshot and runs nosetests against the test db. The snapshot directory
will be shown when the script is done. *Note*: you can omit the `-s` parameter if
you don't want to create a snapshot e.g. for intermediate releases on dev main.

Once a snapshot has been created, you are able to deploy this snapshot to a
desired target. For integration, do

`./deploysnapshot.sh 201407031411 int`

This will run the full nose tests **from inside the 201407031411 snapshot directory** against the **integration db cluster**. Only if these tests are successfull, the snapshot is deployed to the integration cluster.

`./deploysnapshot.sh 201407031411 prod`

This will do the corresponding thing for prod (tests will be run **against prod backends**)
The same is valid for demo too:
`.\deploysnapshot 201407031411 demo

You can disable the running of the nosetests against the target backends by adding
`notests` parameter to the snapshot command. This is handy in an emergency (when
deploying an old known-to-work snapshot) or when you have to re-deploy
a snapshot that you know has passed the tests for the given backend.

Use `notests` parameter with care, as it removes a level of tests.

# Deploying a branch

Call the `./deploybranch.sh` script **in your working directory** to deploy your current
branch to test (Use `./deploybranch.sh int` to also deploy it to integration).
The code for deployment, however, does not come from your working directory,
but does get cloned (first time) or pulled (if done once) **directly from github**.
So you'll likely use this command **after** you push your branch to github.

The first time you use the command will take some time to execute.

The code of the deployed branch is in a specific directory 
`/var/www/vhosts/mf-geoadmin3/private/branch` on both test and integration.
The command adds a branch specific configuration to
`/var/www/vhosts/mf-geoadmin3/conf`. This way, the deployed branch
behaves exactly the same as any user specific deploy.
A deploy to a "demo" instance is possible too (simply use ./deploybranch.sh demo).

Sample path:
http://mf-chsdi3.int.bgdi.ch/gjn_deploybranch/ (Don't forget the slash at the end)

## Get correct back-link to geoadmin3
Per default the back-link to geoadmin3 points to the main instance. If you
want to change that, adapt the `geoadminhost` variable in the
`buildout_branch.cfg.in` input file and commit it in *your branch*.

## Run nosetests manual on different enviroments
We are able to run our integration tests against different staging environments

**For this to work, you need to adapt your personal ~/.pgpass file. It has to
include access information for all clusters (add pgcluster0i and pgcluster0)**

To run against prod environment:
`./nose_run.sh -p`

To run against int environment:
`./nose_run.sh -i`

To run against dev/test environment:
`./nose_run.sh`

To run against your private environment:
`./buildout/bin/nosetests`

To execute all tests, including _mapproxy_ and _varnish_ ones, which are deactivated by default:
`.//nose_run.sh -a`

## Updating Mapproxy WMTS service
Mapproxy provides the same layers as the native WMTS for all available timestamps. When new layers and/or timestamps are added,
we have to regenerate MapProxy config file `mapproxy/mapproxy.yaml` with the following command:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_dev.cfg install mapproxy-config

Then, commit `mapproxy/mapproxy.yaml`.

# Clean project
In order to reinitialize your project and remove unused eggs do the following commands:

    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_cleaner.cfg
    buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_<username>.cfg

`buildout_cleaner.cfg` will move all the unused eggs into `buildout/old-eggs/`, remove all the `*.mo` translation files, uninstall all the templates and remove all the `*.pyc` files.

If buildout failed previously, you might need to bootstrap the project again, use the following command after the buildout cleaner:

    python bootstrap.py --version 1.5.2 --distribute --download-base http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/ --setup-source http://pypi.camptocamp.net/distribute-0.6.22_fix-issue-227/distribute_setup.py

# Python Code Styling

We are currently using the PEP 8 convention for Python code.
You can find more information about our code styling here:

    http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
    http://pep8.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html

You can find additional information about autopep8 here:

    https://pypi.python.org/pypi/autopep8/

*Add a pre-commit hook*

1. Create a pre-commit file

  ```bash
touch .git/hooks/pre-commit
  ```

2. Copy/paste the following script

  ```bash
#!/bin/bash

./buildout/bin/buildout -c buildout_dev.cfg install validate-py
if [[ $? != 0 ]];
then
  echo "$(tput setaf 1) Nothing has been commited because of styling issues, please fix it according to the comments above $(tput sgr0)"
  exit 1
fi
  ```

3. Make this it executable

  ```bash
chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-commit
  ```

Now commits will be aborted if styling is not respected
